# MITx_6.86x_Machine_Learning_with_Python-From_Linear_Models_to_Deep_Learning_Fall_2020
Welcome to 6.86x Machine Learning with Python–From Linear Models to Deep Learning.  Machine learning methods are commonly used across engineering and sciences, from computer systems to physics. Moreover, commercial sites such as search engines, recommender systems (e.g., Netflix, Amazon), advertisers, and financial institutions employ machine learning algorithms for content recommendation, predicting customer behavior, compliance, or risk.  As a discipline, machine learning tries to design and understand computer programs that learn from experience for the purpose of prediction or control.  In this course, you will learn about principles and algorithms for turning training data into effective automated predictions. We will cover:  Representation, over-fitting, regularization, generalization, VC dimension;  Clustering, classification, recommender problems, probabilistic modeling, reinforcement learning;  On-line algorithms, support vector machines, and neural networks/deep learning.  You will be able to:  Understand principles behind machine learning problems such as classification, regression, clustering, and reinforcement learning  Implement and analyze models such as linear models, kernel machines, neural networks, and graphical models  Choose suitable models for different applications  Implement and organize machine learning projects, from training, validation, parameter tuning, to feature engineering  You will implement and experiment with the algorithms in several Python projects designed for different practical applications.  You will expand your statistical knowledge to not only include a list of methods, but also the mathematical principles that link these methods together, equipping you with the tools you need to develop new ones.
